[Workers] fix vulnerability in signature example (#3277)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/examples/signing-requests.md

  // Extract the query parameters we need and run the HMAC algorithm on the
  // parts of the request we are authenticating: the path and the expiration

>   // timestamp. It is crucial to pad the input data, e.g., by adding a symbol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // timestamp. It is crucial to pad the input data, for example, by adding a symbol
```

  // parameter.
  const expirationMs = 60000
  const expiry = Date.now() + expirationMs
  // The signature will be computed for the pathname and the expiry timestamp.
  // The two fields must be separated or padded to ensure that an attacker
  // will not be able to use the same signature for other pathname/expiry pairs.
  // The @ symbol is guaranteed not to appear in expiry, which is a (decimal)

>   // number, so we can safely use it as a separator here. When combining more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // number, so you can safely use it as a separator here. When combining more
```
